client-cli: merge cardano-database-v2 command into 'v1' command (#2547)
input-output-hk/mithril: docs/website/root/manual/develop/nodes/mithril-client.md

`cardano-db snapshot show` command:

| Parameter | Command line (long) | Command line (short) | Environment variable | Description                                                                                   | Default value | Example |     Mandatory      |
| --------- | ------------------- | :------------------: | -------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- | ------- | :----------------: |
| `json`    | `--json`            |          -           | -                    | Enable JSON output for command results                                                        | `false`       | -       |         -          |

> | `backend` | `--backend`         |         `-b`         | -                    | Backend to use, either: `v1` (default, legacy) or `v2` (unstable, enable partial restoration) | `v1`          | -       |         -          |

Author: Would this be a bit better ? Should I also update documentation of the clap enum values on the cli ?
```suggestion
| `backend` | `--backend`         |         `-b`         | -                    | Backend to use, either: `v1` (default, full database restoration only) or `v2` (unstable, full or partial database restoration) | `v1`          | -       |         -          |
```

> | `backend` | `--backend`         |         `-b`         | -                    | Backend to use, either: `v1` (default, legacy) or `v2` (unstable, enable partial restoration) | `v1`          | -       |         -          |

Reviewer: Yes :+1:

> | `backend` | `--backend`         |         `-b`         | -                    | Backend to use, either: `v1` (default, legacy) or `v2` (unstable, enable partial restoration) | `v1`          | -       |         -          |

Author: done
